docs(sdk): Planning & Scoping standard & Managing Linear Project Management Playbook (#16589)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/sdk/getting-started/standards/planning-scoping.mdx

Examples: `OTLP Integration [Python]`, `SDK Handling HTTP 413 [Go]`, `Implement Global Attributes API [Android]`.

This makes it unambiguous which SDK team owns a given project and makes the set of per-SDK projects easy to find and filter.

**Standalone projects** (not part of a cross-SDK rollout) **SHOULD** use a clear, action-oriented title that describes what will be delivered, not what will be done. Avoid vague or task-like titles.

#### Enforcement

- Human review at project creation
- Reviewed during initiative-level planning

#### Per-SDK override

<StatusBadge type="no" /> Universal. The `[Effort name] [SDK name]` format for cross-SDK projects is required across all teams.

</SpecSection>

---

<SpecSection id="design-first-gate" status="draft" since="1.0.0">

## Design-First Gate

#### Rule

A design document **MUST** be completed and linked in the Linear project's **Documentation** field before any implementation work begins when either of the following is true:

- The issue or project estimate is greater than **M**, or
- The change affects more than one SDK

Acceptable design document types (one is sufficient):

- **RFC** — for changes that need broad stakeholder input

> - **Tech Spec** — for implementation-heavy changes scoped to one or a few SDKs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Develop Docs** — for implementation-heavy changes scoped to one or a few SDKs
- **RFC** — for changes that need broad stakeholder input
```
